Update teams-powershell-release-notes.md (#7215)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-release-notes.md

| Date | Version | Updates |
|------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |

> | May 2021 | [3.0.0] |<li>Updates for AccessToken login with Connect-MicrosoftTeams - unified token array instead of resource specific access token parameters</li><li>Removed all AADGraph references as AADGraph is nearing EOL</li>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| May 2021 | [3.0.0] |<li>Updates for AccessToken login with Connect-MicrosoftTeams - unified token array instead of resource specific access token parameters</li><li>Removed all AADGraph references as AADGraph is nearing End of Life</li>|
```

Reviewer: Please also provide a link to version 3.0.0
